Education can be more practical, creative and much more fun! Innovative kits for children ages 5 – 9. Discover the world of STEAM-driven professions through fun!
Oyster helps little makers and innovators to feel like professionals by solving like. 
We are Oyster, a company that helps your children to find the profession of their dream. 
Learn STEAM with Oyster: hands-on projects, theory explained, online quizzes, and many DIY ideas.
For our kits, we choose STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Art and Math) professions to inspire kids and to help them learn new disciplines.
Discover careers with 12 cool STEAM professions a year and real-world problems and challenges. Let your child become a doctor, a scientist or any other specialist!
With Oyster kits you get a new profession, foster exploration, enjoy imaginative play, and take part in exciting activities.
Every Oyster kit is based on real problems and activities related to STEAM professions. Every kit includes educational STEAM content, skills and knowledge.
Every Oyster kit is designed to be a role-playing game, with elements of different professions and challenges, created in collaboration with real professionals in every field.
Every Oyster kit is 100% kid-approved and kid-tested!
With one of Oyster kits your child will find his or her real calling in life!
As dreams and curiosity are the foundations of any breakthrough
Curiosity? Dreams? Together they are the basis for any breakthrough.
Everything is included in the box for exciting adventures into a new profession.
With each box featuring a new dive into an exciting profession.
Go to our site for details!
Subscribe to Oyster and get a new profession every month!
Go to our site and subscribe to Oyster: 12 professions a year with over 60 real-world projects!
Make learning fun and open new doors with Oyster professions! Go to our site and subscribe to Oyster.
A mind-expanding learning experience for children aged 3-5. Introduce your kids to different career paths with Oyster.
Expose your kids to a new profession every month.
Unleash your kids' creativity and imagination
Does your child want to be a vet? Explore the ins and outs of the profession and learn 60+ other cool careers with Oyster.
Broaden your kids' vocabulary through role play
Start your kids reading by broadening their vocabulary through career role play
Play "let's pretend" with careers. Your child will love being a doctor, vet, firefighter or mail carrier for a day. These and 60 more professions can be delivered to your door starting this week.
Dress up, play let's pretend, and let your kids be whatever they want to be!
Today's kids, tomorrow's experts!
This is not just another craft kit! Kids role-play different professions using the same tools as real doctors, archaeologists, meteorologists, and many others. With Oyster kits, they're actually learning and getting new knowledge from the activities.
Oyster helps parents introduce kids to different career paths and spark curiosity about what they might like to do when they grow up.
Every new doctor, scientist or game designer has to start somewhere! Introduce your kids to different careers every month and broad their horizons.
Give your kids a taste of life as an archaeologist, doctor, game designer, and more. Free shipping to your door.
Hands-on learning + career exploration + STEM = Tons of fun with Oyster! Introduce your kids to different career paths and nurture their passion!
You can bring STEM projects to life when you're home-schooling your kids. Introduce them to different career paths and discover their passion!
Your kids will LOVE discovering STEM through career exploration. Introduce them to different career paths and make learning fun!